Fix: when no trace file selected, still displays modal to select DB (#451)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-cellularmonitor: Changelog.md

## 2.4.4 - unreleased

### Fixed

> -   Skipping selecting trace file won't proceed to the selecting modem trace DB.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
-   Issue where skipping selecting trace file would still proceed to automatically select the modem trace DB.
```
